Birds of a shitfeather flock together, Randy.

Mr. Lahey: He's takin' the shit tornado right back to Oz.
Randy: Well that would make Sam, Dorothy. Right Mr. Lahey?
Mr. Lahey: Right, Randy.

Ricky, you just opened up Pandora's shit-box

Do you know what a shit-barometer is Bubbles? It measures the shit-pressure in the air, listen Bubs you hear that? The sounds of the whispering winds of shit

You feel that? The way the shit just sticks to the air? There's a shit-blizzard comin, I always know

We're about to sail into a shit typhoon Randy, so we'd better haul in the jib before it gets covered with shit

You idiots have loaded up a hair-triggered double-barreled shit machine gun, and the barrel's pointed right at your own heads!

Shit moths Randy. They started as shit larvae and then the grew into shitapillars. A whole pandemic of shitapillars

Shit tectonics - do you know what happens what two shit plates collide? Shitquake (love this one)

They're shit flowers Randy, from here they look like regular flowers but when you get down and poke your nose in them you realise they're shit flowers, and theres a whole fucking bouquet of them!

When the shitballs start flying, you've got to get a shitbat Randy!

We're in the eye of a shiticane here Julian, and Ricky's a low shit system!

Do you know what a shit-rope is Julian? It's a rope covered with shit that criminals try to hang on to

Randy: Cops and dope don't mix, do they Mr. Lahey?
Mr. Lahey: Like shit and strawberry shortcake, Randy.

Mr. Lahey: What are those fuckers up to?
Randy: Probably goin for some shit-dogs and fries Mr Lahey
Mr. Lahey: Randy, I thought we agreed - no more shit talk til we're back in power

Ricky: Why bother with a couple of shit sticks when you can have the whole shit trawler?
Mr. Lahey: Nice shit analogy Rick

Randy, the shit-pool is getting full. We better strain it, before it overflows and causes a shit-slide that can cover this entire community. I will not have a Pompeiian catastrophe happen in Sunnyvale!

You know, Ricky grew up as a little shit-spark from the old shit-flint. And then he turned into a shit-bonfire and then driven by the winds of his monumental ignorance, he turned into a raging shit-firestorm. If I get to be married to Barb i'll have total control of Sunnyvale, and then I can unleash a shitnami tidal wave that'll engulf Ricky and extinguish his shit-flames forever. And with any luck, he'll drown in the undershit of that wave. Shit-waves.
